[logo]

  • MIND
      □ Message from the President
      □ History
      □ Open space, Open mind
      □ Facilities
      □ Schools and Departments
      □ Our Open Town
  • IDEAS
      □ Faculty / Researcher
      □ Students
  • RELATIONS
      □ International Exchange Agreements
      □ FUNLITE Toranomon Hills
      □ CRC
  • ACTION
      □ Flagship Projects
      □ Research and Education
  • IMPACT
      □ Achievements
  • GRADUATE SCHOOL
      □ Message from the Head of the Graduate School
      □ Graduate School Courses
      □ Five Fields of Post-Graduate Study
      □ Faculty Research Areas
      □ Admissions

home
MIND
Message from the President

Message from the President

pfPresident of Future University Hakodate
Hideyuki Nakashima

Future University Hakodate is situated in a beautiful region that has a unique
history and culture originating in the last days of the Shogunate, as well as
outstanding food and tourist appeal. We pursue the development of sustainable
systems to improve people’s lives through deep involvement both in the local
area and further afield, and focus on education and research that designs
societal systems.

The University’s faculty members are highly capable and active in collaborating
with others in related academic fields and communities, thereby transcending
the boundaries of their own specialities. They work with strong motivation to
further develop their potential in the local area, thus fostering a lively
academic culture unique to the University.

Systems information science, where IT meets design, complex systems and
artificial intelligence, is an academic field in which multiple solutions to
atypical issues of modern society can be found using an information
science-based approach with the world viewed as a single system. In the future,
the role of computers is expected to develop into something far less detached
from humans; the creation of products and services will require deep
interaction between computers and users starting at the development stage.
Systematic thinking to support the understanding of complex concepts without
oversimplification and the design of interfaces that flexibly transcend the
boundaries of various fields are essential to the collaborative creation of new
value.

I often talk to students about the benefits of finding and nurturing their own
strengths and untapped potential. For us, the future is something to be created
rather than predicted.

Future University Hakodate remains strongly committed to its efforts to
envision and develop the future of information society and local communities.

[menu_locat]

[menu_life_]

[menu_recru]

[gotop]

  • Home
  • Site Policy
  • Contact us
  • Access
  • Sitemap
  • Japanese

[                    ] [ ]
Copyright © FUTURE UNIVERSITY HAKODATE. All Rights Reserved.
